Create ui-c8y-1020-26-4-use-new-object-mapping-component-for-opc-ua-6834-graft-release.md (#2446)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1020-26-4-use-new-object-mapping-component-for-opc-ua-6834-graft-release.md

---
date: ""

> title: The character limit is removed in OPC-UA object-mapping functionality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Character limit removed in OPC UA object-mapping functionalities
```

> title: use new object-mapping component for OPC-UA (#6834) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#7049)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Object mapping for OPC-UA uses new component
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity

> change_type:
>   - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
>     label: Fix

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
change_type:
  - value: change-2c7RdTdXo4
    label: Improvement
```

component:
  - value: component-Tf05_KQ-B
    label: OPC UA
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-3561
version: 1020.26.4
---

> use new object-mapping component for OPC-UA (#6834) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#7049)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
As part of the ongoing improvements to the OPC-UA protocol adapter, the object mapping functionality now uses a new component. This change aligns the OPC-UA adapter with the other protocol adapters, making the functionality more consistent across the different adapters. For users of the OPC-UA protocol adapter, the object mapping configuration and behavior remains unchanged.
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We have removed the 100-character limit for text fields in the 'Send Measurement,' 'Create Alarm,' and 'Send Event' functionalities, allowing you to enter longer text without restrictions.
```

> We have removed the 100-character limit for text fields in the 'Send Measurement,' 'Create Alarm,' and 'Send Event' functionalities, allowing you to enter longer text without restrictions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The text fields in the "Send measurement", "Create alarm", and "Send event" functionalities used to be limited to 100 characters. This limitation has been removed, allowing you to enter longer text without restrictions.
```
